Add per user notes (#4631)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   Doing a DELETE on this endpoint will delete a user note for the specified identifier.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      DELETE /api/1/notes HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

      {"identifier": 149095883}

   :reqjson int timestamp: The identifier of the user note you're trying to delete.

   **Example Response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: application/zip

   :statuscode 200: User note was deleted successfully.
   :statuscode 400: Provided JSON is in some way malformed.
   :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in. No user note found. Check error message.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

.. http:patch:: /api/(version)/notes

   Doing a PATCH on this endpoint will update the content of an already existing user note.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      PATCH /api/1/notes HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

        {
            "identifier": 2,
            "title": "#2",
            "content": "Go to bed",

>             "location": "manual balances",

Reviewer: no, we want the location

    :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

Handling user notes
================================

.. http:get:: /api/(version)/notes

   Doing a GET on this endpoint will return all the user notes present in the database.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      GET /api/1/notes HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

   **Example Response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: application/json

      {
          "result": [
                {
                    "identifier": 1,
                    "title": "#1",
                    "content": "Hello, World!",
                    "location": "manual balances",
                    "creation_timestamp": 12345678
                },
                {
                    "identifier": 2,
                    "title": "#2",
                    "content": "Hi",
                    "location": "manual balances",
                    "creation_timestamp": 12345699
                }
            ],
          "message": ""
      }

   :resjson object result: An array of objects representing user note entries.

>    :resjson int identifier: The identifier of the user note in the DB.

Reviewer: API consumer does not care where it comes from. Only that it is unique

```suggestion
   :resjson int identifier: The unique identifier of the user note.
```

      DELETE /api/1/notes HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

      {"identifier": 149095883}

   :reqjson int identifier: The identifier of the user note you're trying to delete.

   **Example Response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: application/zip

      {"result": true, "message": ""}

   :statuscode 200: User note was deleted successfully.
   :statuscode 400: Provided JSON is in some way malformed.
   :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in. No user note found. Check error message.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

.. http:patch:: /api/(version)/notes

   Doing a PATCH on this endpoint will update the content of an already existing user note.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      PATCH /api/1/notes HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

        {
            "identifier": 2,
            "title": "#2",
            "content": "Go to bed",
            "location": "manual balances",
            "creation_timestamp": 12345699
        }

>    :reqjson int identifier: The identifier of the user note in the DB.

Reviewer: as per before

```suggestion
   :reqjson int identifier: The unique identifier of the user note.
```

   **Example Response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: application/zip

      {"result": true, "message": ""}

   :statuscode 200: User note was updated successfully.
   :statuscode 400: Provided JSON is in some way malformed.
   :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in. User note does not exist.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

.. http:put:: /api/(version)/notes

   Doing a PUT on this endpoint will add a new user note to the DB.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      PUT /api/1/notes HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

      {
            "title": "#5",
            "content": "Go to bed now",
            "location": "ledger actions"
      }

   :reqjson str title: The title of the note to be created.
   :reqjson str content: The content of the note to be created.
   :reqjson str location: The location inside the application the note was taken.

   **Example Response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 201 OK
      Content-Type: application/zip

>       {"result": true, "message": ""}

Reviewer: Here you should return the identifier of the created note
